#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{enumitem}
\renewcommand{\labelenumii}{\theenumii}
\renewcommand{\theenumii}{\theenumi.\arabic{enumii}.}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the referee on our paper for the fruitful remarks/questions.
 The modification in the paper are in red.
 We give also below some explanations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
In its current version, the abstract presents the solver schnaps and StarPU
 but does not insist on the goal of the paper.
 It should be rewriten in order to present the aim of the paper and to highlight
 the key idea.
 According to me, the presentation of schnaps and StarPU can stay in the
 abstract, but have to come after the motivation of the paper.
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

We have extended the abstract in order to present in a better way the motivation
s.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
Some references are missing: for OpenCL, for StarPU.
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

We have added new references on OpenCL and StarpU computations made in the
 context of Finite Volumes or Discontinuous Galerkin methods.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
Even if this paper will particularly interest the community of High Performance
 Computing, it seems useful to detail the acronyms: GPU, IGP.
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

This has been done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
As in the abstract, the aim of this paper has to be highlighted and expanded.
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

We add a paragraph explaining that the objective is to optimize a DG solver,
 with the task-based paradigm.
 The advantage is that the approach separates the logic of the algorithm
 and the optimizations.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Section 2
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
Page 2.
 You could precise some points: f^k : ? -> ?, f : ? -> ?, "
\backslash
Omega
\backslash
in R^3 made of N_c
\backslash
in N open sets".
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Done.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
3.2.
 Page 3.
 You precise N_d at the end of this page but use it at the beginning.
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

We have repeated the definition of N_d at the beginning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\emph on
3.3.
 Page 3.
 I am lost with the notations (of course we can find them, but you could
 clarify this).
 You define w(x,t) in the basis of polynomial functions, coordinates are
 denoted by w_{L,j}(t).
 Then the formulation consist in finding w_{L,j} respecting (2.1).
 But in (2.1) only w_L appears, which is not defined...
\emph default

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
